I work with R language core developer Duncan Temple Lang on methods for
code analysis. Currently I'm focused on methods for automatically inferring
and using implicit parallel structure in code. My research group works on
compiling R using LLVM, and I hope to extend this work to compiling R to
run on parallel architectures.

> Please explain your scientific and technological reasons for participating
> in this summer school.

My academic background is in applied math and statistics. I've become more
interested in the software engineering aspects of statistical computing, so
I'm seeking to strengthen my background here.  In particular I would like
to learn more about specialized HPC topics such as the Parallel
programming: accelerator track and the performance analysis and
optimization.  This knowledge will allow me to better contribute back to
the computational infrastructure facilitating modern data analysis.  It
will also be very beneficial to connect with a global community of HPC
researchers.

> Experience with Computational Science and HPC: Describe your use of HPC,
> including familiarity with MPI, OpenMP, multicore, accelerators and
> coprocessors, and how you participate in software development.

This winter I wrote a couple statistical applications in OpenCL which we
used on GPU's to increase performance by an order of magnitude. I have
extensive experience with Linux and have used TACC supercomputing
resources. I'm intimately familiar with multicore compute models in R and
Python. Last summer I wrote an interface to Apache Spark from R.  As a
member of the Pydata xarray group I've worked on building open source
scientific tools for multidimensional arrays in Python.
